Michael Benezra is the CEO and Founder of Signal87 AI, The Intelligent Document Cloud. A Harvard University–educated entrepreneur, investor, and international trade strategist, he has advised governments, multinational corporations, and institutional investors at the intersection of commerce, infrastructure, and emerging technology — including U.S. bilateral trade negotiations and the development of a strategic North America–Mediterranean shipping corridor. He is also a Partner at Crewstone International Private Equity and founder of Erez Capital, a venture capital firm focused on pre-seed and seed-stage startups.

Michael Benezra, CEO of Signal87 AI and AI Innovation Expert
Professional Background
Michael Benezra is a distinguished leader at the intersection of technology, finance, and international diplomacy. In addition to being the CEO of Signal87 AI, Michael serves as a Partner (North America) at Crewstone International, a private equity firm with a presence in New York City and Malaysia. Michael Benezra brings decades of experience in AI technology investments, international trade, venture capital, and public-private partnerships.

Venture Capital and Social Impact
As the founder of Erez Capital, Michael Benezra leads a venture capital firm with a robust network of venture partners and a portfolio of strategic startup investments. His investment experience is also marked by a commitment to social impact. During the COVID-19 pandemic, he founded the GK Fund, the first social impact fund dedicated to startups with founders of color, where he successfully negotiated access to millions in bank capital reserves and private capital for investments and grants.

Michael Benezra also facilitated the first social impact compact with MassChallenge, one of the leading global startup accelerators, creating an innovation pipeline for underrepresented founders.

Diplomatic and Government Leadership
Prior to his current roles, Michael Benezra held significant diplomatic positions in international government service. As the Director of Innovation and Economic Development, he led critical bilateral trade negotiations — including work on the development of a strategic shipping route connecting North America and the Mediterranean Sea, a landmark infrastructure initiative with significant implications for global trade — and was instrumental in bridging and facilitating billions of dollars in venture capital investments, private equity acquisitions, strategic partnerships, and government contracts.

Previously, as the Director of Political Affairs, Michael Benezra worked closely with U.S. Governors, the Air National Guards, legislative leaders, and the American business community to expand international corporate presence, enhance bilateral relations, and manage political-civil diplomatic efforts.

Michael Benezra played a key role in raising millions of dollars for international companies entering the U.S. market and spearheading bilateral economic relations. A notable example of this work was facilitating LogMeIn's global expansion, helping the tech giant establish a significant international presence as part of a broader strategy to strengthen cross-border technology and business partnerships.

Academic Background and Advisory Roles
Michael Benezra's career includes serving as the Research Director for the Harvard Law School HPOD Initiative and holding economic advisory roles with members of Congress and governors. He earned a Master's degree in American Government from Harvard University and a Bachelor's degree in Political Science from the University of Washington. In recognition of his professional achievements and community contributions, Michael Benezra was recognized on the Boston Business Journal's prestigious 40 Under 40 list, and serves on the Housing Forward Massachusetts Advisory Committee.